LCARS-GPT (Library Computer Access Retrieval System on GPT)
================================================

LCARS-GPT is a plug-in to use with LCARS-GPT custom ChatGPT on ChatGPT. Because this plugin is unofficial and works using code glue, there is no guarantee that it will continue to work. Indeed, the current version does not work completely and comes with absolutely no warranty. There's no real check to make sure that the completion provided by GPT functions properly. It is not sandboxed, and so there's the potential for dangerous code generated by ChatGPT making its way into an executed environment. Keep that in mind. In the future, this project may switch to using a custom service rather than ChatGPT, at which point it may become safer and more stable.

# LCARS

This project relies heavily on the [LCARS CSS framework developed by Jörn Weißenborn](https://github.com/joernweissenborn/lcars).

# Custom ChatGPT
The plugin only works while navigating to the current custom ChatGPT
Custom GPT: https://chat.openai.com/g/g-o0YZvRVwK-lcars

# Functionality

When an LCARS custom GPT session window is open, the plugin will check the most recent assistant response, and if it is a valid HTML document will assume that it is a document styled with the LCARS CSS framework in mind. The custom GPT is instructed to return such documents, or apps. 

Currently no real functionality exists in these apps, but as as this version is 0.1 that is expected to change. Using additional code glue, and HTMX, it should be possible to create dynamic LCARS-GPT apps in the future. 

# Moving Towards a Generic System

I would love if "LCARS" could stick and this project could take off, but while fan projects are fine, I'm sure someone would try to issue a DMCA takedown request if the project got too big. So in time the "LCARS" theme may be abandoned. However, this possibility also will motivate the creation of more themes, and having a theme library would be great!

# Related Projects

## GopherAI

Having an interactive system that creates a more complete application environment for a lareg language model based assistant like ChatGPT is only part of the puzzel of building the next generation of internet technologies. There are a lot of different large language model designs available, and it's possible to create custom models. Assistants that work with these models are also very good with natural language information. So why rely on internet protocols that are designed for connecting HTML based webpages? There was once a protocol that dominated the natural language internet: Gopher. 

Repository: https://github.com/dgoldman0/gopherAI